IT'S HIS NEWSPAPER.
IN AN AGE OF CONCERN ABOUT
CLIMATE CHANGE SOME PEOPLE
HAVE BECOME OPPOSED TO THE
VERY IDEA OF HAVING
CHILDREN.
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ IS WARNING
THAT IT COULD BE IMMORAL TO
HAVE KIDS.
>> OUR PLANET IS GOING TO
DISASTER IF WE DON'T TURN
THIS SHIP AROUND AND SO IT'S
BASICALLY LIKE THERE IS
SCIENTIFIC CONSENSUS THAT
THE LIVES OF CHILDREN ARE
GOING TO BE VERY DIFFICULT
AND IT DOES LEAD, I THINK
YOUNG PEOPLE TO HAVE A
LEGITIMATE QUESTION, YOU
KNOW, SHOULD -- IS IT OKAY
TO STILL HAVE CHILDREN?
>> Tucker: SOME PEOPLE
DECIDED THAT, NO, IT IS NOT
OKAY TO HAVE CHILDREN.
A CO-FOUNDER OF BIRTH STRIKE
A GROUP OF PEOPLE REFUSING
TO HAVE CHILDREN IN ORDER TO
RESIST CLIMATE CHANGE.
SHE JOINS US TONIGHT.
THANKS VERY MUCH FOR COMING
ON.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
>> Tucker: THIS STORY MAKES
ME SAD.
I'M NOT HERE TO ATTACK YOU I
WANT TO TAKE WHAT YOU ARE
SAYING SERIOUSLY.
I'M NOT SURE I UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU ARE CHOOSING NOT TO
HAVE CHILDREN.
I WOULD BE GRATEFUL IF YOU
WOULD TELL US.
>> SURE.
YEAH.
THANK YOU FOR ASKING BECAUSE
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GETTING
A LITTLE BIT CONFUSED ABOUT
WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO DO
HERE.
BIRTH STRIKE ISN'T DID
TRYING TO STOP OTHER PEOPLE
FROM HAVING CHILDREN.
WE FEEL TOO AFRAID TO HAVE
KIDS BECAUSE WE FEEL THAT WE
ARE HEADING TOWARDS
CIVILIZATION BREAKDOWN AS A
RESULT OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL
CRISIS AND THIS SORT OF
MISMANAGEMENT OR POLITICAL
INERTIA OVER DEALING WITH IT
DOES THAT MAKE SENSE?
>> Tucker: IT DOES MAKE
SENSE.
IT'S A SADDER ANSWER EVEN
THAT I IMAGINED.
BECAUSE THERE ARE A LOT OF
PEOPLE WHO ARGUE NOBODY
SHOULD HAVE KIDS.
THAT'S ONE ARGUMENT.
YOU ARE BASICALLY SAYING THE
PIECE SAYS
SPECE SAYS
SPECIESAYS
SPECIES IS OVER.
WE SHOULD A GROUP END IT
COMMIT SUICIDE.
>> WELL, I THINK WHERE WE
ARE NOW IS INCREDIBLY
FRIGHTENING AND WHAT I
DISCOVERED WHEN I MADE THE
DECISION AND STARTED TALKING
ABOUT IT TO OTHER YOUNG
WOMEN AROUND ME, WAS THAT WE
FELT LIKE WE HAD LOST FAITH
IN THE SYSTEM AND THE
AUTHORITIES BECAUSE THEY
WEREN'T REALLY DEALING WITH
THE SITUATION.
THEY WEREN'T MANAGING THE
THREATS PROPERLY THAT WE
HAVE BEEN TOLD ABOUT.
SO, YES, IT IS QUITE SAD,
BUT AT THE SAME TIME, BIRTH
STRIKE ITSELF IS A HOPEFUL
ACT.
WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO SAY
COME ON, WE HAVE GOT TWO
OPTIONS.
WE EITHER UNITE COLLECTIVELY
BEHIND ACTION ON THIS
IMMEDIATELY BECAUSE WE ARE
ALREADY HEADING TOWARDS THE
COLLAPSE, OR WE CONFINE
OURSELVES TO, I MEAN IT
SOUNDS CRAZY BUT IT'S TRUE,
EXTINCTION.
>> Tucker: WHAT MAKES ME SO
SAD IT'S THIS IS A MET FOR
OF THE WILL TO LIVE SO
OBVIOUS EVERYWHERE YOU TURN.
I BONNDER DID IT OCCUR TO
YOU AND I'M NOT DISAGREEING
WITH YOUR FORECAST THAT
THERE ARE BUMPY TIMES AHEAD
THAT'S OBVIOUS.
WOULDN'T IT BE A MARK OF
DEFIANCE MAYBE PART OF THE
SOLUTION TO HAVE A BUNCH OF
SMART, DECENT CHILDREN WHO
MIGHT SOLVE THESE PROBLEMS?
>> YEAH, I TOTALLY
UNDERSTAND THAT POINT OF
VIEW.
AND THERE HAS BEEN PEOPLE IN
MY LIFE WHO ARE VERY AWARE
OF THE SEVERITY OF WHAT WE
ARE HEADING TO.
WHO HAVE MADE THAT DECISION
AND THEY HAVE SAID, YOU
KNOW, IT'S THE KIND OF MOST
HOPEFUL ACT THAT YOU COULD
TAKE IS TO HAVE A CHILD IN
THESE TIMES.
AND I DO RESPECT THAT.
I DO RESPECT THAT.
>> Tucker: IF YOU WERE TO
FLY TO AFRICA TONIGHT, JUST
DO A TOUR, A LOT OF TOURS IN
AFRICA.
PICK JUST FIVE AND MEET 10
PEOPLE ON THE STREET AND
EXPLAIN WHAT YOU ARE DOING,
WHAT DO YOU THINK THEIR
REACTION WOULD BE?
>> I HAVE NO IDEA.
>> Tucker: DO YOU THINK
PEOPLE OUTSIDE THE WEST CAN
UNDERSTAND THIS?
DO YOU THINK THERE IS ANY
OTHER CIVILIZATION THAT HAS
DECIDED THINGS ARE SO
HOPELESS WE MUST ALL DIE?
>> I REALLY DON'T KNOW.
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO SAY.
>> Tucker: I MEAN, IS THIS
SOMETHING HAVE YOU THOUGHT
FOR A LONG TIME OR TELL US
HOW YOU WERE CONVINCED THAT
THINGS WERE SO BAD THAT YOU
SHOULDN'T REPRODUCE?
>> WELL, YEAH, I THINK
THAT -- I MEAN, I HAVE BEEN
CONCERNED ABOUT THE
ENVIRONMENT FOR A LONG TIME
BUT YOU KNOW, I GOT
DISTRACTED BY MY CAREER AND
JUST BEING A YOUNG PERSON
AND LIVING THE LIFE THAT I
SAW OTHER PEOPLE ON
TELEVISION LIVING THAT
SEEMED TO BE THE RIGHT THING
TO DO, AND THEN THE LAST FEW
YEARS I JUST KEPT READING
MORE AND MORE THINGS AND
LAST YEAR THE IPPC REPORT
CAME OUT AND MEN THE MET
REPORT AND THINGS HAVE BEEN
CORROBORATED BY PRETTY MUCH
99% OF THE SCIENTIFIC
COMMUNITY IF NOT ALL SANE
SCIENTISTS.
IT'S PRETTY INCONTROVERT
TILLABLE NOW, I WOULD SAY.
>> Tucker: I DON'T MEAN THIS
AS CRITICISM I MEAN IT
SINCERELY.
WHAT YOU ARE DESCRIBING
SOUNDS LIKE A RELIGIOUS
CONVERSION AND LIFE YOU ARE
LIVING SEEMS LIKE MANASTIC.
>> A MANASTIC LIFE?
YOU SHOULD COME AND HANG
OUT.
>> YOU ARE GIVING UP FAMILY
FOR THE CAUSE.
>> LAY THE CHILDREN AROUND
ME AND I'M FIGHTING FOR
THEM, REALLY.
THIS IS MY WAY OF SAYING
COME ON HUMANITY, WE HAVE
GOT TWO OPTIONS.
WE ARE EITHER GOING TO
COMMIT SOME KIND OF SPECIES
SUICIDE BY IGNORING THE
ISSUE BECAUSE WE'RE TOO
AFRAID OF THE CHANGE OF
SOMETHING OR WE ARE GOING TO
UNITE TOGETHER AND AT LEAST
TRY AND MANAGE SOME OF THE
COLLAPSE THAT'S PREDICTED IN
A SENSIBLE AND RATIONABLE
WAY.
I'M NOT LIVING A MANASTIC
LIFE.
>> Tucker: I THINK YOU
SHOULD HAVE CHILDREN THEY
SOLVE A LOT OF PROBLEMS AND
PUT THINGS IN PERSPECTIVE.
>> WE DON'T HAVE TIME.
>> Tucker: YES, WE DO.
THERE IS ALWAYS TIME.